Readme.md, before:

# Casino

## Description

This project is a CLI program that allows you to play different games.

## Installation

To install the project, you need to clone the repository.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/coderangel117/casino-java.git
cd casino-java
```

## Games list

### 1. Guess the number (Work in progress)

This is a simple game where you have to guess a number between 1 and 100.
The game will tell you if the number you guessed is too high or too low. You have 10 tries to guess the number.

### 2. rock paper scissors (Work in progress)

This is a simple game where you have to choose between rock, paper or scissors.
You will play against the computer. The computer will randomly choose between rock, paper or scissors.
The game will tell you if you win, lose or if it's a tie.
You have 3 tries to win.

### 3. Tic Tac Toe (Work in progress)

This is a simple game where you have to play Tic Tac Toe against the computer.
The computer will randomly choose a position to play.
The game will tell you if you win, lose or if it's a tie.

### 4. Snake (Work in progress)
Control a snake in order to eat apples
The more apples you eat, the greater the snake becomes.
Be careful not to bite your tail.


### User manager

In the main menu, you can choose to manage users.
You can add, update, delete or list users. You can also view stats about a user.

There is some json files in the data folder that contains the user's data.
If you delete the files, you will lose all the data.

### Future games

possible_games_list = ["Pendu alias hang_man", "Roulette", "bingo", "snake_game"]

## Next features

- Permit to play in another languages (fr and en)
- Permit to add a new user in game menu
- Compile a ranking of the best scores
- Add different level (easy, normal, hard) (default => normal but can be changed)
- Add a great score list per game (the same for fails and wins)

## Usage

To start the program, you need to run the main.py file.

```bash
make
```

## Author

Coded by [coderangel117](https://github.com/coderangel117)

## License

This project is under the MIT licence.

## Bugs report or feature request

If you find any bugs or if you have any feature request, please open an issue on
the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/coderangel117/python_game).

Commit message:

feat(game):menu
- Remove lanterna folder
- Replace menu in menu folder
- Main file run main menu
- Begin first game
- Add some translations

Readme.md, after:

# Casino

## Description

This project is a CLI program that allows you to play different games.

## Installation

To install the project, you need to clone the repository.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/coderangel117/casino-java.git
cd casino-java
```

## Games list

### 1. Guess the number (Work in progress)

This is a simple game where you have to guess a number between 1 and 100.
The game will tell you if the number you guessed is too high or too low. You have 10 tries to guess the number.

### 2. rock paper scissors (Work in progress)

This is a simple game where you have to choose between rock, paper or scissors.
You will play against the computer. The computer will randomly choose between rock, paper or scissors.
The game will tell you if you win, lose or if it's a tie.
You have 3 tries to win.

### 3. Tic Tac Toe (Work in progress)

This is a simple game where you have to play Tic Tac Toe against the computer.
The computer will randomly choose a position to play.
The game will tell you if you win, lose or if it's a tie.

### 4. Snake (Work in progress)
Control a snake in order to eat apples
The more apples you eat, the greater the snake becomes.
Be careful not to bite your tail.


### User manager

In the main menu, you can choose to manage users.
You can add, update, delete or list users. You can also view stats about a user.

There is some json files in the data folder that contains the user's data.
If you delete the files, you will lose all the data.

### Future games

possible_games_list = ["Pendu alias hang_man", "Roulette", "bingo", "snake_game"]

## Next features
- User manager
- Improve UI/UX with Lanterna
- Permit to play in another languages (fr, es, de ...)
- Permit to add a new user in game menu
- Compile a ranking of the best scores
- Add different level (easy, normal, hard) (default => normal but can be changed)
- Add a great score list per game (the same for fails and wins)

## Usage

To start the program, you need to run the main.py file.

```bash
make
```

## Author

Coded by [coderangel117](https://github.com/coderangel117)

## License

This project is under the MIT licence.

## Bugs report or feature request

If you find any bugs or if you have any feature request, please open an issue on
the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/coderangel117/python_game).
